Regulation Pinnacola game
 
The Pinnacola is played with 2 decks of 52 cards, in opposite pairs. The dealer (Server) distributes 13 or 15 cards each, the rest of the deck is placed at the center of the table and he turns out the first card.
Each player in turn must draw a card from the deck or from the well, insert it between those in his hand, possibly dropping one or more combinations and then discard a card.
A pinochle every player has to form combinations to fall on the table or stick to the combinations already dropped, or its partners so as to get rid of the cards: the aim is to get as many points as possible through the cards and the combinations of greater value. If a player has one or more combinations in his hand, may decide to calarle when he wants to, even on the first hand.
The combinations can be: stairs with a minimum of three cards, poker three of a kind or of identical cards with different suits. If you have not dropped at least a combination of three cards can not take cards from the well or attack card to the partner.
The discarded cards are to be placed in line and not on the stack, in order to enable the well to be able to take any discarded card from the others. In taking a card from the well is not that just discarded, you will need to take all the other cards discarded after it with the obligation to form the combination only with the top card and place it on the ground. You can replace the wildcard on the ground (both its own and those of the opponent) with the obligation to make a connection with them and put them in the ground right away.
The hand ends when a player has closed, ie has no cards in his hand: he must count the points of the cards on the table, and his partner, subtracting the point value of the cards remaining to his partner.
The first card face up after the initial fanned, if taken, must be dropped. When he finishes the deck of cards to draw, the player who draws the last card, develops his game and his rejection ends the game, in this case do not count the 100 points of the closure. Taking the cards face up on the table, can be made only once by the player during his turn to play. It is not allowed to close in the first hand.
The two opponents have to count the points of the cards on the table and subtract the points of the cards in their hand. The Quatris double their value like scales consist of 7 cards and beyond if no wildcards. You can also close at hand, forming with the 13 cards combinations that fall in one fell swoop. If a player "closes in hand" doubles the points of the cards he has put on the table and get 200 points higher. If your partner has opened, double the points of the cards on the table, if it does not open, pay a penalty of 100 points. Each of the opponents, if opened, calculates the points normally, if you did not open, pay a penalty of 200 points.
Pair wins before reaching for the 1500, 2000 or 2500 points according to the agreements reached at the beginning of the game.
 
Counting points
 
Scorecards

2-5 5 points

from 6 to K  10 points

Ace 15 points

Special points:
poker cards pinochle 5 points to 40 points;
poker cards pinochle from 10 points to 80 points;
aces is pinochle with 120 points;
poker joker is worth 400 points (you have to drop the 4 wild cards all at once);
scale of 7 or more cards without jokers is pinochle and double points of the cards;
full scale from ace to ace is worth 600 points.

Special Rules for tournament
the difference must be made within 2 minutes of the single turn of the game, or by the difference of the previous player.
Each match will last up to 2 hours. At the end of the two hour time closes the competition by suspending the game and counting the score. The points in hand at the end of time constitute a penalty.
The player with words, gestures and signals influence the game, is penalized 100 points.
The count of the scores and the remaining cards takes place under the control of 4 players.
In case of dispute that is the final decision of the arbitrator appointed by the organization.
